Notes and thought processes:

 - This code test was tricky because of the lack of parameters I had to work with. One thing I was unsure of
was whether this should be in a trigger or not, but I decided against that since the prompt didn't specifically
call out "on record insert" or "on record update".

 - Along with the lack of parameters, I wasn't sure if the name for the other 2 objects was supposed to be identical, so
anything that was created in the automation gets an "autogenerated by" line. The idea was to give some sort of
historical tracking so we know which function created which objects, or which object in the family tree was the
originating node.

 - Since I don't know where the data is coming from, I opted to overload the method instead of passing in a generic
object then checking its type. This saves a bit of code by allowing us to skip the type checking and error throwing
on invalid objects, with the added benefit that anyone using this class will get a syntax error instead of a runtime
error if they're not using a valid object from the family.

 - I thought about making the methods non-static and using instance variables that would get set in the constructor,
and while that's a valid way to handle the prompt, I didn't see a reason we would need to come back to the unique IDs
and reuse them. Mostly because that defeats the purpose of unique IDs, but also keeping them static meant the garbage
collection could free up the memory as soon as the function was finished, rather than possibly causing a memory leak
where the instance variables get retained.
